{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.14393}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1****************************************************************************************************
\line *                                                                                                  *
\line * Revision history of IBR.StringResourceBuilder2011                                                *
\line *                                                                                                  *
\line * Projects:                                                                                        *
\line * - IBR.StringResourceBuilder2011                                                                  *
\line *                                                                                                  *
\line * Comments:                                                                                        *
\line * - Date    = Build date                                                                           *
\line * - Version = <Major>.<Minor>.<Release>.<Build> (#.#.#.#*)                                         *
\line * - Changes = Short description of the changes made                                                *
\line *                                                                                                  *
\line ****************************************************************************************************
\line 
\line 
\line 2.0 Release 1 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2023-04-14  2.0.1.23  Changed: NuGet Packages for VS2022.
\line                       Changed: Manifest changed to support only VS2022 and later from now on.
\line                       Changed: TargetFrameworkVersion set to v4.8.
\line                       New: Using Visual Studio 2022.
\line                       New: Extension updated for Visual Studio 2022 (V17.x).
\line 
\line 
\line 1.6 Release 2 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2020-05-29  1.6.2.23  New: Using Visual Studio 2019.
\line                       New: extension.vsixmanifest updated.
\line 
\line 
\line 1.6 Release 1 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2017-06-30  1.6.1.22  Fixed: Issue with expression bodied properties no longer being parsed.
\line                       Fixed: Missing standard resources for Help/About dialog of Visual Studio.
\line                       New: Provide revision history as release notes in "Extensions and Updates".
\line                       New: Option not to use the resource class using alias for global resources.
\line 
\line 
\line 1.5 Release 3 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2017-05-21  1.5.3.21  Fixed: Crash when parsing expression bodied properties due to a bug seen in
\line                              VS2017 V15.2 (26430.6, maybe earlier) as stated here. But now, these
\line                              property getters are ignored as long as the EnvDTE is not fixed to give
\line                              proper start and end points.
\line                       Changed: NuGet to use project.json (PackageReference).
\line 
\line 
\line 1.5 Release 2 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2016-12-10  1.5.2.20  Changed: Manifest changed to support only VS2015 and later from now on.
\line                       Changed: No code generation anymore as VSPackage Builder runs only in VS2010.
\line                       Updated: NuGet Packages.
\line                       New: Using Visual Studio 2017 RC.
\line                       New: extension.vsixmanifest updated to Visual Studio 2017 (V15.0).
\line                       New: VSIX and DLL signed now.
\line 
\line 
\line 1.5 Release 1 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2016-02-27  1.5.1.19  Fixed: Handling new C#6 features:
\line                              - Expression bodied properties, functions and indexers.
\line                              - Interpolated strings ($"...") -> ignored completely.
\line                       Fixed: Selecting the resources grid when unfocused was jumping weirdly.
\line                       Changed: .NET Framework V4.5.2.
\line                       New: Using Visual Studio 2015 (using VSPackage Builder result without the
\line                            extension as it sadly exists only for VS2010).
\line                       New: Uses NuGet Packages
\line                            - Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.14.0
\line                            - Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.12.0
\line 
\line 
\line 1.4 Release 1 (number skipped) =====================================================================
\line 
\line 
\line 1.3 Release 7 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2015-08-07  1.3.7.18  New: extension.vsixmanifest updated for Visual Studio 2015 (V14.0).
\line 
\line 
\line 1.3 Release 6 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2014-01-10  1.3.6.17  New: extension.vsixmanifest updated for Visual Studio 2013 (V12.0).
\line                       New: Option to use verbatim string literals (preceded by @ character) as
\line                            "ignore" filter criteria.
\line 
\line 
\line 1.3 Release 5 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2013-07-10  1.3.5.16  Fixed: Broken behavior for checking out ResX in VS2012.
\line                       Fixed: Make selection background blue even when DataGrid is unfocused (VS2012)
\line 
\line 
\line 1.3 Release 4 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2012-12-30  1.3.4.15  Fixed: Wrong column number parsed in single line function (e.g. get/set).
\line                       Fixed: Global resource file for VB did not work (must be found in directory
\line                              "My Project" instead of "Properties").
\line 
\line 
\line 1.3 Release 3 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2012-09-14  1.3.3.14  Fixed: Undo did incorrectly change the line numbers in table.
\line                       Changed: Removed resource name indexing.
\line                       Changed: Ignore number strings now also ignores decimal numbers (" 1234.56 ").
\line                       Improved: Some more information on the settings window.
\line 
\line 
\line 1.3 Release 2 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2012-09-14  1.3.2.13  Fixed: "Making" a string resource left the table of string literals blank
\line                              (due to "improvement" in Build 11).
\line                       Improved: Sped up inserting resource call when "making" a string resource.
\line 
\line 
\line 1.3 Release 1 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2012-09-12  1.3.1.12  New: Option to store all string resources in one resource file global to the
\line                            project (in Properties directory or project root when not exists).
\line 
\line 
\line 1.2 Release 4 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2012-07-21  1.2.4.11  Improved: Rescan while editing no longer with timer and complete but direct
\line                                 and selective (only what has been changed)-> partly more responsive.
\line 
\line 2012-07-08  1.2.3.10  Reworked: Code generators (VSPackage Builder) cleaned up (spaces no tabs,
\line                                 result code formatted to my likes).
\line 
\line 
\line 1.2 Release 3 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2012-06-27  1.2.3.9   Fixed: After editing the next string literal in same line has been marked.
\line 
\line 2012-06-25  1.2.2.8   Fixed: Rescan did not look for nearest string resource (mark in table and mark
\line                              next string literal when cursor in same line).
\line                       Fixed: Closing and reopening tool window with same editor window active did
\line                              not rescan.
\line                       Fixed: Handling empty string literals (locations behind did not match).
\line 
\line 
\line 1.2 Release 2 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2012-06-11  1.2.2.7   New: extension.vsixmanifest updated for Visual Studio 2012 (V11.0).
\line 
\line 
\line 1.2 Release 1 ======================================================================================
\line Date        Version   Changes
\line 
\line 2012-06-09  1.2.1.6   New: First official release.
}
